they would like to have some more of its
products or players as toys in keeping
with our Pennsylvania theme we might
mention the pittsburgh penguins one of
the favorites for this year's Stanley
Cup the NHL playoffs are underway first
game 7 face off tonight between the
Montreal Canadiens of the boston bruins
NHL commissioner gary bettman is here to
talk laughs and the business of hockey
thank you very much for joining us today
mr. commissioner it's good talking with
you since the work stoppage the NHL has
experienced three straight years of
growth with attendance records broken
year-to-year ratings and franchise
values are on the rise but still in
popularity you're not even close to
baseball football or basketball was the
lockout work at you had momentum going
at that point how do you get it back
well actually I'm not sure that when you
say we're not even close that's accurate
depends on how you're measuring in terms
of our attendance we play two 93.6
percent of capacity this year our fans
tend to be the most connected to our
game and frankly we were having severe
problems leading up to the work stoppage
so by creating a system where all of our
teams can now be healthy and can afford
to be competitive we think what we've
given our fans this past season as it
relates to competitive balance may be
unrivaled in any sport you mentioned
healthy there has the salary cap helped
the financial health of the teams
absolutely beef before we began the work
stoppage player salaries probably
consumed about 75% of our revenues and
now based on the way the salary cap
system works the players get anywhere
between 54 and ultimately fifty-seven
percent of our revenues so the
percentage of our revenues going out and
player salaries is down but more
importantly and it's the point that made
before is all of our teams are virtually
competitive now we had probably 25 of
our 30 teams still in the mix as we went
through the end of the regular season
figuring out who qualified for the
postseason and the the playoffs have
been incredible every game of the
playoffs has been sold out so far these
five franchises in trouble Nashville one
to move Washington Florida have always
had trouble drawing fan
even Pittsburgh with all their success
on the ISIS had trouble with their arena
these are all things that were
afflicting us before the work stoppage
to the extent that we had so-called
troubled franchises they're not nearly
as troubled as they once were there no
franchise right now is in jeopardy of
folding or moving oh one of the reasons
that we had to go through a difficult
period through the work stoppage was
because we didn't have a system that
worked and it was affecting our
franchises health and what the game
looked like on the ice so by creating a
partnership with the players by having a
salary cap we now have a system that
works for everybody most importantly for
our fans you now have an NHL Network
online with some new features
undoubtedly for this season what's the
what's the best one well we we have the
hockey show which is really an
entertainment show around hockey which
is produced every day during the week we
have seven broadband channels and at a
point in time where some fans after the
team gets eliminated stops looking at at
nhl.com or any of the websites for any
of the league's as often as they did our
traffic increased 30